# Divided attention in a semantic task with varying task difficulty

This experiment is a follow-up to `../divAttnSemantic`, in which task difficulty is modulated by changing the number of words per semantic category, and also by adding a condition wherein the two attended streams comprise words from the same category instead of different ones. Stimuli are generated with `generateStimuli.py` (more info on how this is done is in `stimuli/README.md`; info on how the words were chosen in the `stimSelection` folder). `generateStimuli.py` also creates a summary of the trial structure in `expVariables.npz` which is read in by the script that actually runs the experiment `runDASCogLoad.py` as well as the analysis script `analyzeData.py`. 

## Stimulus selection
Folder `stimSelection` contains initial word list, scripts for automatically getting lexical neighborhood and phonotactic probability data from internet sources, and scripts for visualizing the word groups and running stats on them. 

## Stimulus generation
Folder `stimuli` contains scripts for processing the raw word list recordings, calculating the mean fundamental frequency, and monotonizing and RMS normalizing the excised words.

## Running the experiment
The experiment is run with `runDASCogLoad.py` and requires a subject ID code and an integer for which subject number they are in this experiment. Currently it is set up only to work on MARLO (the LABS^N behavioral booth computer) but the `assert ef.__version__` line can be commented out to run it on other machines. A participant briefing script is located in the `documents` folder. Prior to running, each subject should do the two categorization tasks `trainingGUI_smallCategories.py` and `trainingGUI_largeCategories.py`.

## Analysis
The analysis pipeline starts with `cleanRawData.py`, which outputs a tab-delimited text file passed to `analyzeData.py` (which does the bulk of the analysis (except for the ANOVAs and mixed models, which are done in R by `dprimeMixedModel.R` and `wordLevelMixedModel.R`). Figures are generated by `plotData.py`. `getSoundDurations.py` must be run once before running `analyzeData.py` or `plotData.py` for the first time; otherwise the word durations will not be available for analysis and the figure of the trial time course cannot be generated.
